Welcome to the final project.
In this project, you will use everything that you've learned up to now,
including writing code in multiple files,
pointers, references, and a little bit of OOP.
You will build a route planner that plots a path between two points on a map.
This may sound similar to the project you completed in the first lessons of this course.
This time however, instead of using a simple grid to represent the map,
you'll be working with real map data from
the OpenStreetMap project to generate a path on a real map.
This is similar to other mapping applications you have used,
like Google Maps or Apple Maps.
To render the map data,
the project code we'll be using a 2D rendering library called IO2D.
Much of the code for passing OpenStreetMap data and rendering
the results comes from the library example and the IO2D code repository.
To get you started on the project,
we'll provide you with a slightly modified version of this example code
that has all of the classes and methods stubs that you'll need to complete the project.
Your task will be to fill in the methods that are
required to make the code perform route planning.
The route planner will use the A* algorithm just as you've seen before.
So the code structure should seem familiar to you from the first lessons of this course.
However, because of the complexity of the OpenStreetMap data and the IO2D library,
the project code will have object-oriented structure.
In the rest of this lesson,
we'll carefully review the structure of the project code that we
provide and we'll clarify what is required to complete the project.
In particular, we'll have an overview of the OpenStreetMap project,
including the data format of
the OpenStreetMap data and the element types that you'll see on that data.
Then you'll see instructions for building and running the project,
and testing your code.
Next, you'll see a project code overview that will include a class diagram,
so you can have an understanding of the high-level structure of the code.
Then you look at the project starter repository structure,
including all of the files and folders in that project repository.
We'll look at the source directory in that repository in particular.
We'll have some code workthroughs so that you
understand all of the code that you're starting with.
Next, there'll be some steps that you'll need to follow to complete the project.
Then the last part of this lesson,
there'll be project submission instructions and workspace.
This is an extremely exciting project and we can't wait to see your submissions.